In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively
In diesem Tutorial möchte ich erklären, wie man auf der TeamBox mit der App 'Drawing Pad' gemeinsame Bilder erstellen kann...
New drawings can be created in this overview.
Here you can also select from a list of already existing drawings and then edit the chosen one.
By default freehand drawing is activated.
From the menu you can also choose geometric shapes: you can draw straight lines, circles and squares.
You can freely chose the brush thickness.
In addition, it is posiible to insert text in different sizes and fonts.
This text is saved as a template until you chose a new text.
There is the possibility to choose between different colors for the shapes or texts.
You can also draw filled circles and squares.
Pictures can be imported/uploaded from your computer and edited.
In addition, there is the option to save the created image for all your group members on the USB storage device.
Of course these images can be exported/downloaded, too.
By clicking once the complete picture can be deleted. But be careful - that affects all of you!
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Have fun working with your group on the TeamBox!